docs: add operator documentation (#3406)
inspektor-gadget/inspektor-gadget: docs/spec/operators/kubemanager.md

---
title: KubeManager
---

> The KubeManager operator is used by the gadget Pod, i.e. then Inspektor Gadget
> is deployed to Kubernetes as a DaemonSet. This operator keeps track of the pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The KubeManager operator is used when Inspektor Gadget
is deployed to Kubernetes as a DaemonSet. This operator keeps track of the pods
```
Maybe easier to understand.

running on the node by talking to the kube-apiserver and to the different
container runtimes. This operator uses the pod informer and/or fanotify
mechanisms to detect when containers are created. This information is used to:
- Update the eBPF maps used to filter events in eBPF by Kubernetes concepts like
  pod and container names, namespace, labels, etc.
- Enrich events with container information (see below).
- Attach networking programs to specific containers according to the filtering
  options passed by the user.

This operator uses the mount or network namespace inode IDs to enrich events
with the following fields:

- k8s
  - node name
  - container name
  - pod name
  - namespace
  - pod labels
  - owner
- runtime
  - runtime name
  - container name
  - container ID
  - container image name
  - container image digest
  - container started time

## Priority

-1

## Instance Parameters

### `containername`

> Show only data from containers with that name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show only data from containers with the specified name
```

Fully qualified name: `operators.KubeManager.containername`

### `podname`

> Show only data from pods with that name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show only data from pods with the specified name
```
